README.md, before:

# Example of Stripe from a React Native Expo app

# Running locally

Stripe requires that you create your own backend server (API) to create Payment Intentions. In this example the custom backend server (API) is implemented in NodeJs.

To run this demo, you must first sign up with Stripe and get your Publishable key and Secret key.

## Run the server

Copy the .env.example file:

```bash
cp ./server/.env.example ./server/.env
```

Update the .env file:

```json
STRIPE_PUBLIC_KEY={your Publishable key}
```

Start the server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

## Run the client

Copy the .env_local.example file:

```bash
cp ./client/.env_local.example ./client/.env_local
```

Update the .env_local file:

```json
STRIPE_SECRET_KEY={your Secret key}
```

Start the client:

```bash
npm start
```

## Issues

- Code that looks ok and compiles can easily crash the Expo Go app without any error messages appearing in the console. For example calling Alert.alert(..) with only one argument or calling Alert.alert(.., ..) with 2 arguments, but not passing a string to the arguments.

## Testing the server∂

To create a payment intent:

```bash
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-d "{\"amount\":18950}" http://localhost:3000/payments/intent
```

Commit message:

Change color scheme automatically & use host ip env variable

README.md, after:

# Example of Stripe from a React Native Expo app

# Running locally

Stripe requires that you create your own backend server (API) to create Payment Intentions. In this example the custom backend server (API) is implemented in NodeJs.

To run this demo, you must first sign up with Stripe and get your Publishable key and Secret key.

## Run the server

Copy the .env.example file:

```bash
cp ./server/.env.example ./server/.env
```

Update the .env file:

```json
STRIPE_PUBLIC_KEY={your Publishable key}
```

Start the server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

## Run the client

Copy the .env_local.example file:

```bash
cp ./client/.env_local.example ./client/.env_local
```

Update the .env_local file:

```json
STRIPE_SECRET_KEY={your Secret key}
```

Start the client:

```bash
npm start
```

## Issues

- If you want to run on your real (iOS) device and want to access the Payment API running on your host you can update your shell startup config file (~/.zshrc in my case) and export your machine's network interface ip with:

```bash
export LOCAL_IP=$(ipconfig getifaddr en0)
```

The babel.config.js file has LOCAL_IP in the allowed list so it is available in the app:

```json
allowlist: [ .., "LOCAL_IP"],
```

- Code that looks ok and compiles can easily crash the Expo Go app without any error messages appearing in the console. For example calling Alert.alert(..) with only one argument or calling Alert.alert(.., ..) with 2 arguments, but not passing a string to the arguments.

## Testing the server

To create a payment intent:

```bash
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-d "{\"amount\":18950}" http://localhost:3000/payments/intent
```
